# Installation Guide:——


**Scope :** This document aims to provide assistance to new developers so that they can configure the application from the Raw Source Code.

Basic Requirements :

 - Android Studio 4.1.1
 
 - Raw Source Code ( extracted from  Zip files)
 
 - Internet Connection( so that android studio can download the needed packages)
 
 - A Valid admin url of the Bagisto

# Procedure to Follow 

   **--------------------------------------- Android Studio Environment Set Up and Tests ---------------------------------------------------**

  - Firstly, you need to check if the Android Studio is properly installed and is in working state on your system.
    
     For checking you can create a sample new (Hello World) project and try running it on your device/emulator.
    
     If you find some problems here,then try searching on developer.android.com or stackoverflow.

  - Secondly,you need to check that flutter is working in your system.
    
     For checking you can create sample new (Hello world)project in dart language and print it in console.
    
     If you find any issue you can refer the following links for solution.
    
   Link:—
   - Flutter Related Information [ https://pub.dev/ ] 
   - Android Studio & Environment[ https://developer.android.com/ ]




   **---------------------------------------------- Configuration Steps -------------------------------------------------------------------**

   - Download the code from git lab.you will get a Zip file of code in your downloads folder.UnZip the file.
    
   - After this open the project in the android studio by choosing the Open an existing project option.Choose the Project by name and
        project will open in the android studio
        
   - open the emulator or connect android studio with your real device and follow the steps to run the application.
   
   - Now,your project is imported in the android Studio,You need to run few commands
   
   - Run **flutter clean**.after this command you will get errors in your all dart files.Now run **flutter pub get** ,when you get 0 as exit code
         then all the errors of all dart files will vanish.
         
   - Run the **flutter run** command and again you will face some errors,To  remove the errors you need to generate autogenerated files of Retrofit.
   
          Run the following retrofit commands to remove the error.
          
         Command:—>flutter pub run build_runner build
          
   - If command is not succeeded and you are still facing the issues,then run the another command of Retrofit.
   
         Command:—>flutter packages pub run build_runner build —delete-conflicting-outputs
         
   - Now,you will found that all the issues are vanished away and now run the **flutter run** command
   
   - When you can see the app is successfully installed in your device.
   
   - you can set up the server url and other credentials as per the information  in the “ServerConfiguration.dart" file.
    
    
    
  **-------------------------------------------to run the application for IOS platform-----------------------------------------------------**
    
  if you are running the application for ios then you must have mac system.
     also you need to follow the given steps to run the application for IOs:--
    
   - open terminal and run cd (ios folder path).
   - Now run pod install command.
   - Open the app in Xcode.
   - Open .xcworkspace file.
   - And run your project.

  **------------------------------------------------- Configuration Completed ------------------------------------------------------------**

  **------------------------------------------------- END OF DOCUMENT -------------------------------------------------------------------**
